fix: lower length of key to improve usage in win32 (#13827)
facebook/jest: packages/jest-create-cache-key-function/README.md

## API

### `createCacheKey(files?: Array<string>, values?: Array<String>, length?: number): GetCacheKeyFunction`

> Provides a function that computes the cache key given  a collection of files and values.  This limits the output with a provided length.

Reviewer: No need to mention length limit here. It is documented below.

```suggestion
Returns a function that can be used to generate cache keys based on source code of provided files and provided values.
```

#### Parameters

- `files`: [Optional] Array of absolute paths to files whose code should be accounted for when generating cache key
- `values`: [Optional] Array of string values that should be accounted for when generating cache key

> - `length`: [Optional] length of the resulting key defaults to 16 on win32 and 32 elsewhere

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `length`: [Optional] Length of the resulting key. The default is `32`, or `16` on Windows.
```
